see how function works (#29)
fhdsl/anvilPoll2024: pages/Preferences.Rmd

---
title: "Preferences"
output: html_document
---

```{r, message = FALSE, echo = FALSE,results='hide', warning=FALSE}
library(tidyverse)
library(here)
library(grid) #for Grobs
library(scales) #pretty breaks

> knitr::knit_child(here("TidyData.Rmd")) #inherit resultsTidy

Author: Addressed in the [latest commit](https://github.com/fhdsl/anvilPoll2024/pull/29/commits/68ece2374f2f3fca62173067b5553e7aec35f6a4)

```{r message=FALSE, echo=FALSE}
whereRunPlot <- resultsTidy %>% 
  separate(WhereAnalysesRun, 
           c("whereRunA", "whereRunB", "whereRunC", "whereRunD", "whereRunE", "whereRunF", "whereRunG"), 
           sep = ", ", fill = "right") %>% 
  pivot_longer(starts_with("whereRun"), values_to = "wherePlatforms") %>%
  mutate(wherePlatforms = 
           recode(wherePlatforms, 
                  "Amazon Web Services (AWS)" = "AWS", 
                  "Galaxy (usegalaxy.org)" = "Galaxy", 
                  "Galaxy Australia" = "Galaxy", 
                  "Google Cloud Platform (GCP)" = "GCP", 
                  "Institutional High Performance Computing cluster (HPC)" = "Institutional HPC", 
                  "Personal computer (locally)," = "Personal computer (locally)",
                  "local server" = "Institutional HPC")
         ) %>% 
  group_by(UserType, wherePlatforms) %>% 
  summarize(count = n()) %>% 
  drop_na() %>% 
  ggplot(aes(x = count, y = reorder(wherePlatforms, count), fill = UserType)) +
  geom_bar(stat="identity") + 
  ggtitle("Where do you currently run analyses?")

stylize_bar(whereRunPlot) +
  ylab("Platform")
```

## Takeaways

> Institutional HPC and locally/personal computers are the most common responses. Google Cloud Platform (GCP) is reported as used more than Amazon Web Services (AWS) within this sample. We also see that potential users report using Galaxy (a free option) more than current users do. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Institutional HPC and locally/personal computers are the most common responses. Google Cloud Platform (GCP) is reported as used more than other cloud providers within this sample. We also see that potential users report using Galaxy (a free option) more than current users do. 
```
